.TH BANDWHICH 1
.SH BANDWHICH
bandwhich \- display current network utilization by process, connection and remote IP/hostname
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bandwhich
[\fIFLAGS\fR]
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bandwhich
provides a responsive terminal dashboard for displaying bandwidth information. It sniffs a given network interface and cross references it with the /proc filesystem. It is responsive to the terminal window size, displaying less info if there is no room for it. It will also attempt to resolve ips to their host name in the background using reverse DNS on a best effort basis.

It has a raw mode that can be used to parse and log this data.

.SH FLAGS
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-addresses
Show remote addresses table only
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-connections
Show connections table only
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Prints help information
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-no\-resolve
Do not attempt to resolve IPs to their hostnames
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-processes
Show processes table only
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-raw
Print output to STDOUT so it can be parsed or redirected.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-show-dns
Show DNS queries
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-total-utilization
Show total (cumulative) usages
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print version and exit

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB \-i\fP, \fB\-\-interface\fP \fIinterface\fP
The network interface to listen on, eg. eth0

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2019 Aram Drevekenin
License MIT: https://github.com/imsnif/bandwhich/blob/main/LICENSE.md
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR iftop (1),
.BR lsof (1),
.BR nethogs (1),
.BR netstat (1),
.BR nload (1),
.BR ss (1),

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs here: https://github.com/imsnif/bandwhich/issues
